But you can tell if someone's lying, you know, you can sort of feel it in people.
And I have lied.
I'm sure I'll lie again.
I don't want to lie, you know, and I don't think I'm a liar.
I try not to be a liar.
I don't want to be a liar.
I think it's like really important not to be a liar.
I don't care how you get there.
I don't care what you do to get there.
The goal is to win.
Oh man, somebody give this guy a hand here.
Sorry about that.
A little miscue there.
Welcome to the show.
First and foremost, please remember that the main goal is to get yourself off of social media.
You don't need to use it at all.
And when you do use it, you've got to use it very intentionally, following a very few people who are willing to be your filter or willing to
protect you from the insanity there, the absolute malevolence.
They have only one chance, they imagine, in history to collect this data.
I'm going to make a couple arguments to support that today, give you a couple more examples of how these people have orchestrated the entire narrative to get us right where we are right now.
First and foremost, the way that they did it was this myth of autism spectrum disorder.
Yes, a myth of autism spectrum disorder
is used to make sure that intramuscular injection is never questioned as a methodology, that virology is never questioned as a science, and that public health is never questioned as a reason.
And you can say exactly the same thing about how they'd like college kids to be locked up in their dorm rooms, scared of pandemics and gain of function, because that way they can sample them and treat them like experimental animals forever.
Ladies and gentlemen, if you do not understand why the cheese is free on social media, why the cheese is free for COVID, you will never escape.
In fact, your children will be enslaved by this.
But there's an easy way out.
It's to learn biology for yourself.
It's to learn what's true and what has been exaggerated.
This is the biology that they love to ignore, gigaohm, biological.
Yes, there's a guy that doesn't seem to be able to get on Twitch there, but I see Mark Housatonic of Housatonic Live.
That guy is definitely worth watching, worth following.
I'm going to follow up on his, let's call it a discovery of the
the coinkydink between the Whittemore Institute and Mikovits and CFS and BabyGod.
What an interesting set of keywords.
And by the way, they killed a lot of people in Scotland, and there's a great substack about it.
And him and I are friends, and I'm going to start promoting... Gosh, that's a terrible word.
I'm going to start showing a few of those more moving testimonies.
from the Scottish Inquiry.
He sent me some useful links.
I did receive them.
I just have to work them in this week.
I already had this deck pretty much done, so it's not gonna be today, but it'll be either tomorrow or Wednesday.
Thank you again for that.
And yeah, we're just standing here all by ourselves, but we are part of this.
We are the guardians of this.
If you've been here for a while, you know that.
You know how you stay focused on the biology.
You know how you don't take their bait on social media by trying to recognize it better.
And you learn to love your neighbor.
Learn to know who your neighbors are.
If you gotta have neighbors on the internet, I guess you better damn well know who they are.
That's really the trick here.
This is what it looks like to stay focused.
Watch his eyes.
See that?
You gotta keep your eye on the ball.
You gotta stay focused on the biology.
I wonder if you've ever seen a bald eagle catch a fish in slow motion.
Watch his eyes.
You gotta stay focused.
You get hit in the head with the basketball at the shooting machine if you don't stay focused and that ball comes out and your eyes aren't on it.
Look at those eyes.
Magnificent snapback.
Oh man, is that nice.
Staying focused on the biology is what we try to do here.
The voice that you hear is Jonathan Cooey.
I am a former academic magician, academagician.
Coming to you live from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania in the back of my garage.
I've got a nice little setup here though.
It used to be a wood shop.
And so I got a private room where I can get as loud as I want to.
It's like having a second bedroom.
So after all this time, I went from having my own little room at the University of Pittsburgh to having my own little room in the suburbs.
Basically doing my own work, having my own rig.
But this rig projects to the world.
And I'm very, very humbled by the amount of support that I get that we can manage to do this for so long.
My work is represented a lot of places and misrepresented a lot of places.
I like the Wuhan cover-up book.
I like the fact that I used to be a staff scientist for Children's Health Defense, but was fired by them.
And I like the fact that I've had a lot of conversations with Jay Bhattacharya, so I know exactly
I think I know a lot about the breadth of his understanding.
You can find my original YouTube channel at JC on a Bike.
It remains alive.
I'm not streaming there right now simply because I don't want to risk it as a
as a historical memory.
I am instead streaming on JC on the Woods, although I'm not monitoring it, so I don't know for sure if I'm there, but I assume I am.
Mr. Diggins catches me there a lot, tells me that it's working.
And how it works is that there are about 110 people on Earth that support this work.
I have a couple big subscribers, a couple big supporters.
in the sense of they give me some reasonable percentage of my rent every month, which is something that isn't really fun.
I don't know how many people enjoy this kind of work where you're asking for donations and working off of those donations dependent on them.
I don't know anybody who would enjoy that.
I certainly don't enjoy it.
However,
I feel like the work that I'm doing is actually paying off.
You can see a map of where this all was and where we all are and where we're standing at GigaOMBiological.com.
You'll find links for the live stream, links for our Biology 101 books and maps, and what we're going to get started on soon.
And then, of course, stuff.
I have been remiss in putting more on there that I said I was going to put on there.
It has something to do with the host of my website.
I'm not going to say anymore.
I don't want to give too much away, but I will get to that or at least fix it so that I can.
In the meantime, it is GigaOMBiological.com.
RNA cannot pandemic intramuscular injections are not medicine transfection and transformation would have been a crime if they'd have told you what it was and population pyramids they're real and they're used to to make decisions and that's why they didn't show you the population pyramid before the pandemic that's why that was a more privileged
Privileged kind of thing.
I'm very excited to be here.
I got it.
I got an unorganized show And I'm unshaven.
So get ready for a less than optimal Morning appearance here, but I am on reasonably on time Which I'm gonna try and congratulate myself on even though it's not really that big a deal Hello, welcome to the show the captain's here again and
I'm still stunned at how easy it is for me to go back into people's timelines and find places where these people appeared in person together.
And then now to, for example, have, you know, Alex Zeck and Christine Massey and Tom Cowan and Andrew Kaufman having interacted with me while I was employed at CHD.
trying to get me to represent CHD's scientific position about viruses, and trying to bring the two organizations together under the idea that RNA can't pandemic, that everything has been exaggerated, that the PCR test can't be this high-fidelity measurement, and that most importantly, what they definitely could do if they wanted a high-fidelity signal
is make a synthetic construct at high purity, in high quantity, and put it in places.
Now, it's extraordinary to me to find Alex Zek on stage with Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
in 2021.
It's just, it's extraordinary.
And it is extraordinary to think that that event and the event that followed the year afterward were associated with or even organized by Peggy Hall.
It's all one malevolent team that has orchestrated this fake health freedom movement.
And for whatever twisted reason or fate, it seems to be that there's only a couple of us that are destined to
Expose it as a as the fake haha joke on on our our grandchildren that it is I'm still just horrified at how long I thought I was Successfully exposing what was going on and what was being done to us when in reality I was running in their hamster wheel chasing them around in circles and They knew it
And it is so many people.
So many people that have tried to text my wife.
So many people that have tried to come to my house.
So many people that have come to my house.
So many people that have talked to me late at night and tried to counsel me on how to get the book done or how to turn this into money or how to set up a business with airport lockers and collectible cards.
How to day trade.
This fake health freedom movement is based around biological myths.
And these biological myths have their foundation and have their roots in mentors that are from the 50s.
Mentors that are from the same time that we still thought that radiation was cool.
Radiation caused mutation and therefore we could use radiation to accelerate evolution.
These were real ideas back in the 50s, back when we were trying to make things go boom.
And a lot of those people, once their usefulness in making things go boom, they had to find something else.
Where were they going to look for these last to be found universal laws of how shit works?
Well, they became biologists.
And they took their skills and their mathematics and their ability to generalize across, you know, particles and model particles mathematically and apply it to the molecules of life.
And presumably these guys are the guys that had the toolbox to do it.
And these are the guys that
inevitably are responsible for there to being such a myth as endemicity, both the process by which a molecule surrounded by a fat bubble can go from a relatively small concentration to a concentration which is to be found everywhere on Earth, sustained there for eternity, or at least a significant amount of time.
These are chemical consequences or chemical, let's say, phenomenon that we don't really have a lot of empirical data to support, yet it is a widely accepted phenomenon as fact.
This is one of the reasons why bad biology is so hard to defeat, because it is based on a lot of assumptions that are accepted as fact.
Endemicity as a process and an endpoint is accepted as fact.
In fact, it's so accepted as fact that they've made Hollywood movies about it.
Now, I'm going to switch down over here if you don't mind.
This idea of endemicity being a myth is just one of these things that we can come to start to understand on a large and a small scale.
The idea of going viral on the internet is actually an enchantment.
A virus on the internet is actually enchantment because that, in many ways after five years, I can see is closer to being a real phenomenon
and aptly described the computer virus than an actual virus, the mythology of the biological phenomenon.
And so endemicity as a myth is so important to understand its effects because it is the basis for virology.
It is the basis for pandemics.
It is the basis for a PCR test.
It is the basis for public health.
It is the basis for pandemic preparedness.
The process and endpoint.
And so if you see how powerful it is that everybody can go around teaching you what this is without giving you any biological justification that this exists.
The process.
You know, paint can go endemic if you're not careful, so you've got to really close the lid of every can you have.
Well, at least, no.
Just the cans of paint that have fear and cleavage sites in them.
That paint, boy, you really got to be careful.
Don't spill that shit.
That's a very apt description.
for what now is claimed to have happened, and not only claimed to have happened by Tony Fauci and Peter Daszak and Nathan Wolf, but also claimed to have happened by Harvey Reich and Robert Malone and Norman Fenton and Jessica Rose and Claire Craig and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and Richard Ebright.
You see, the list is endless.
all of these people would argue, argue vociferously for the idea that something that was released in a mud puddle or leaked from a laboratory or sprayed in a bat cave has now essentially gone endemic.
And we've got, we've got to dispel this myth.
Stop lying.
So
Medical remnants are extremely valuable because of electronic medical records, okay?
So you've just got to understand that electronic medical records can be hacked, they can be sold, they can be de-identified and sold, and they will be and have been and will be even more in the future de-identified and sold so that anybody that buys medical remnants and uses the standard technology to sequence those remnants knows who they came from, can find out very quickly
This process is all underway right now.
This is the primary reason why none of these people that I'm calling meddlers will ever question the idea of using a single pair of primers as a way of testing for a virus.
They'll never do it again.
Jessica Rose is never going to have a second thought about the next generation of PCR testing.
Jessica Rose will never look back on the foundations of the mythology and realize that we have no PCR data from before 2020.
And so why are we all so excited about it when the FDA could go back and open all those EUAs and we could reevaluate them all and we could test them all again and go, holy shit, these didn't work at all.
And then we could ask ourselves, where did those remnants go?
Where did all those swabs go?
Did they throw them in the garbage?
Were they burnt in a barrel behind the back in the back of the building?
Or were they packaged up very neatly and shipped away to some other location previously arranged?
maybe even provided by the people who encouraged the people to open the testing situation in the first place.
Any testing outfit that opened up that didn't have a molecular biologist that was at the local university helping to open it up is fraud.
There's nobody at the start of the pandemic that can make any excuse for opening up a testing place or a track and trace place
Even if you had piles of money in your shed, it doesn't make sense for that to be the first response unless you're a real, real, real, real, real insightful asshole.
And so these are all things that we could investigate, that we could look into, that we could reopen.
And that would only require using the FDA in the right way.
And that's exactly why we have foreigners at the head of the FDA that came in the Trojan horse of Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
show.
all set up by Steve Bannon and Kevin McKernan and Robert Malone years ago already.
The whole fake anti-vax movement was first rehearsed in the UK with Polly Tommy and Andrew Wakefield, and then they came over in the United States and repeated it with much more assistance from a Columbia professor named Mary Holland.
some remote blogger about anthrax named Merrill Nass, and some guy who used to work for the government labs for 16 years genetically transforming and transfecting plants to grow medicines, Brian Hooker, they all got together and made a big top tent of health freedom, and here we are today.
where the NHS is just announcing what I already told you and Mark already told you they were going to do.
They need a remnant stream and they need your acceptance of it over there.
They're going to just get it.
They can already kill people over there.
So, I mean, this is easy, right?
And so what lessons can be learned from the management of the COVID-19 pandemic?
I just thought I'd read this paper to you.
It's a really interesting paper with some interesting authors.
It's glorious.
The background is in 2019, a cluster of patients with a novel acute respiratory illness was identified in Wuhan, Hubei province, China.
The infectious agent causing this illness was named severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 and the respiratory disease associated with the dubbed coronavirus disease 2019.
Estimates of the severity of COVID-19 were alarming.
Meanwhile, reports of the virus transmissibility were disturbingly high.
Indeed, one case series estimated that 41% of the cases were nosocomial arising from hospital-associated transmission.
Remember that?
It was later estimated that the incidence of post-viral fatigue and other post-infection sequelae dubbed long COVID when associated with COVID-19 was 1.4 to 2 times greater than for influenza.
Stop lying!
The worldwide concern rapidly increased as cases were identified in other parts of the world.
And on 11 March 2020, the World Health Organization declared that there was a global COVID-19 pandemic or public health emergency of international concern.
Computer models projections based on these early estimates were alarming.
They predicted that unlike major interventions urgently implemented, oh, sorry,
They predicted that unless major interventions were urgently implemented, most of the population would become infected within months, overwhelming the hospital capacity and resulting in many deaths.
In response to these model predictions, governments around the world quickly implemented an unprecedented array of quote unquote, non-pharmaceutical interventions, stay at home measures in desperate effort to urgently reduce the spread of the virus.
Governments modified the stringency of the NPIs, that would be non-pharmaceutical interventions, throughout the pandemic, sometimes introducing new measures.
Example, the use of face masks was only introduced mid-222, 220, or increasing their stringency, but other times removing or reducing the extent of these measures.
Sorry, I can't read it.
It's very unclear.
It's almost like a human wrote this.
By early 2021, several pharmaceutical companies are announced that they had successfully developed COVID-19 vaccines that were safe and effective at preventing symptomatic COVID-19 illness.
Many countries began vaccine vaccination programs typically starting with health care workers and the elderly, but eventually becoming population wide to maximize the
percentage of population that was vaccinated, many governments introduced policies and strategies throughout 21 and 22 encouraging people to get vaccinated and discouraging people from remaining unvaccinated.
Although many countries had reached high levels of COVID-19 vaccination by the mid to late 2021, again, before anybody really found principles besides me,
The incidence of COVID-19 continued among both vaccinated breakthrough cases and unvaccinated.
However, many speculated that even if the vaccines might be less effective against preventing infection than originally thought, they might potentially reduce the severity of disease and or the chances of death.
Hence, the population-wide vaccine programs were continued and previously vaccinated people were encouraged to take additional booster doses.
Finally, on May 5th, 2023, the WHO declared that while COVID-19 was here to stay, that means endemic, it was no longer a global health emergency.
Hence, over subsequent weeks and months, governments that had not already done so proceeded to lift remaining non-pharmaceutical interventions or vaccine requirements.
Since this declaration, the world is still coming to terms with the consequences of both the pandemic and the responses to the pandemic.
However, in our opinion, there is already enough data and evidence to show that there were significant opportunities for improvement with the ladder, i.e.
how the world collectively responded to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Sounds like a very insightful summary of exactly the bullshit narrative of a Scooby-Doo.
It sounds like an incredibly insightful summary written by somebody very uninformed.
Very, very behind the ball.
Very, very much on script.
Is it Jeffrey Sachs?
The guy who ran the Lancet Commission?
Could this have been written by Brett Weinstein?
Maybe this was, who else could this have been?
Who else would be on this kind of paper like this?
Maybe this is Steve Kirsch.
Weird.
Let me see who's the people on this paper here.
Let me see if I can make that work.
Let me see who's the people on this paper.
Zoom in, please.
Oh, look at here.
Look at what the computer is showing us.
Oh, wow.
Claire Craig.
She's from Heart.
It's actually listing Heart there.
So she just, I guess she just works for Heart.
10, where's 10?
Health Advisory and Recovery Team, London, UK.
Yep, that's Hart.
Norman Fenton, number 12, who do you work for?
Hmm, School for Electronic Engineering and Computer Science, Queen Mary University, London, UK.
Stephen Hatfill, wow, I know that name from somewhere.
Stephen Hatfill, number 14, London Center for Policy Research, New York, New York.
let's see terese laurie number 18 the evidence-based medicine consultancy limited bath uk the evidence-based medicine consultancy limited hmm harvey reich number 23 what a joke that guy is uh
School of Public Health, Yale University, New Haven, Connecticut, United States.
Way to go, man.
Jessica Rose.
Oh, where is she faculty now?
24 brownstone institute austin texas united states of america i think austin texas is also where andrew wakefield lives it's also where polly tommy lives it's also where that shithead uh barry weiss decided to start her fake organization and fake university like oh wow austin texas is a intellectual shithole
and that's where the brownstone is based wow cool so jessica rose is technically an american now and carol sir saratka that's a name i also remember i'm not saying he's a bad guy but he is at the faculty of what what 29 sorry buckingham uk okay i just don't remember who carl so anyway it's pretty remarkable right because claire craig was actually
the lead pathologist for a organization or funding experiment or something like that called the 100,000 Genomes Project in the UK before the pandemic.
So she is like the UK version of Kevin McKernan, at least from the perspective of what she's into.
I don't know if she has the technical expertise that the inventor extraordinaire Kevin McKernan does.
I mean, that guy's a wizard.
I have no doubt about the
the breadth and depth of his knowledge in molecular biology exceeds mine.
It definitely exceeds Claire Craig, but she was part of something that is very, very in the wheelhouse of what anybody like Craig Vettner or those kinds of people, they would want is this collection of genomes, the normalization of collecting that data.
And so these people have the audacity of putting out a paper together
I mean, Stephen Hatfield, Robert Malone and Jessica Rose on the same paper in 2025 is kind of like a real slap in the you are stupid face.
Like they really don't think you can see shit.
They really don't think anybody's gonna see this because it's probably in a really shitty journal.
It'll probably only be promoted by people like Nick Hudson on X.
And and panda and all these and it's not like you know, this is gonna be on the Danny Jones podcast anytime soon Although it is very curious that this week there will be an ACIP meeting and Robert Malone is on that committee now So it'll be very curious how visible he is how vocal he is that kind of thing?
So, you know just to remind you, you know Harvey Reich Was on that paper.
We just saw Jessica Rose Stephen Hatfield
Robert Malone, those people all found themselves on stage with a lot of other people in a weird place in November of 2023.
I think this is probably the most incriminating photo that I've found on the internet because there's no explanation for why these people would go here to do what they did there.
There's just simply no explanation for why they wouldn't have done it anywhere else.
Unless all of them were birdwatchers and all of them were really interested in a bird that was only gonna be in Romania.
Then maybe I can imagine a scenario where all the people that look like this would be in the same place at the same time.
Because the only thing I can come up with really is birdwatchers.
What else could they possibly be?
maybe insect enthusiasts.
It could be an insect conference.
I mean, they, you know, they look like people who could go on a hike.
That's why I'm saying birdwatching conference.
So, you know, if they were all in Romania for something like that, it would make sense.
But if these people are trying to do anything for their home countries, and they have collectively decided that this is the best place to do it,
Now this is in November of 2023 that this ACIP member, this soon to be candidate for governor in Ohio, this ultra dipshit, Nick Hudson, one of my personal worst, worst favorite people on earth,
Why is Byron Bridle over there except to be bamboozled by all these people surrounded by them in a context where they can say whatever they want and nobody will hear it?
And it'll go down in their, all their memories is like, wow, we really did something over there, didn't we?
Man, everybody was listening to me.
But then we go back to America and nobody says Byron Bridle's name anymore.
Nobody says that Byron Bridle was speaking out when Robert Malone blew the whistle on himself to take all the spotlight away from Byron Bridle.
The timing was just gross.
Nobody's gonna say that.
That's why he's there.
That's why this happened.
But if you don't understand how awful it is that now, in 2025, a lot of these people are putting out a paper together, including a guy who works at the CDC, a Brownstone fraud, Ditra, Hu, Gavi, Salve, Merck,
I mean, never mind the Vykal, and never mind Inovio, never mind all that shit.
Never mind the Winburr Institute.
The only person that's missing here is Judy Mikovits.
If she would have been on this stage,
I don't know, I guess it wouldn't matter, no one would give a shit.
I could put Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and Alex Zek and Andrew Kaufman and Judy Mikovits on this stage and still nobody would give a shit.
That's how sad it is.
So why do I not like Denny Rancor?
Well, because he seems to be put in place just to make sure that nobody sees
that there is an explanation for this.
There's an explanation for it and it's called murder.
And this guy's out there telling you that there was no rise in all cause mortality until after the shots were rolled out.
There is no rise in all cause mortality until after the shots rolled out.
That's what he says now.
That's not what he was saying here.
He was saying that it was poverty level, household income, serious mental illness, obesity, and the excess mortality is a direct correlation across all states.
You see, there was a different paper and a different set of conclusions.
And then he went to Romania and came up with a little bit different set of conclusions.
And all those people came back from Romania and said, Denny Rancourt is great.
He says 17 million people have been killed from the shot.
doesn't say that there's no evidence of spread and doesn't explain that the no evidence of spread is because there was an expected rise in all-cause mortality.
And since it's an expected rise in all-cause mortality, then it's not an unexpected rise in all-cause mortality.
The unexpected rise in all-cause mortality apparently only starts when the shot rolls out.
But what he's not telling you is that that expected rise in all-cause mortality is still a rise in all-cause mortality.
And that rise in all-cause mortality was anticipated.
He told you that it was true with and without vaccines.
He told you it wasn't correlated with age.
Those two things add up to the opioid crisis and the population pyramid.
That's it.
It's so simple, it's awful.
It's so simple, it's gross.
It's so simple that it's inexcusable that nobody's ever done the math at this point in time.
Because if it's not correlated with age, which is what he was telling us in his earlier papers, this paper only goes till 2021.
You see, there was an evolution of Denny Rancourt.
And that evolution of Denny Rancourt was supposed to put Denny Rancourt in a position to then say, no, according to my 150 figures and my longest paper ever written,
There was no rise in all-cause mortality until the shots came out.
This man is a traitor.
He is a paid liar.
And I am a hundred percent sure of it because again, the anticipated rise in all cause mortality and the primary source of drop in life expectancy needs to be hidden.
And that is what he does because he will as explicitly said in the both presence of me and on another podcast that he does not think that he does not see any explanation for this.
He's not aware.
He doesn't think it's the opioids.
He's figured that in already.
The same scam might be being pulled on many countries at once.
They might have done this in Scotland.
They may be doing this in Canada.
They may be doing this in the UK.
I'm not sure.
I'm using the CDC numbers because those are the numbers that Denny Rancourt loves to use.
He uses all the numbers that he's provided.
There's no work he does himself.
It's all a weird kind of thing that these people are pulling because after many, many discussions, there's no, what is this?
I can do that with a PowerPoint line.
There was a background, ladies and gentlemen, it's an irreducibly complex genetic background upon which they can bullshit.
And they timed their bullshitting with this bump in the population pyramid that more or less correlates with the prosperity after World War II.
The reason why that bump is not sustained in a pyramid shape all the way down is because they encouraged people not to have so many kids and indeed family size dropped.
So there is a coming decrease in fertility in our society as these people pass out of childbearing age.
And that decrease in fertility is going to be pointed to as all kinds of things going wrong, but it's already in the population pyramid.
They can continue to tell you stories about this biology as long as they don't tell you about this biology.
And the most important thing to see here is that that signal that they used with Murder and Lies, that they sculpted with Murder and Lies, that anticipated rise in all-cause mortality, the big families after World War II, this is all foreseen.
And it was a problem that needed sculpting.
And you can see it right there.
You can see it right there because we had pneumonia under control for years.
And then we lost control of it.
Now we got control of it again.
And so an anticipated rise in all cause mortality was sculpted using murder and lies in order to create the illusion of a pandemic so that we would teach this mythology to our children.
There's a whole list of ways that people were killed.
One of the most malevolent and dirty ways that people were killed is that they get put on the path to acute respiratory distress syndrome simply by being given supplementary oxygen.
And Mark and I suspect that this is how Grace Shara ultimately was put into this category, was that it was induced ARDS.
It was called COVID.
And supplementary oxygen can do that.
Ventilators can make it worse.
Ventilators can do it by themselves, of course, if you're ventilating people that can talk.
And a lack of antibiotic use in response to any type of infection or systemic symptoms, because viral syndromes can't be treated with antibiotics, would result in a lot more people dying.
A lot more people dying.
And now at the same time, if you set up
the American public with a CDC policy in 2016, which oh, that's awesome.
Bring it over here.
I got a huge pile of mail here.
That's great.
That you set up the American public where you put a bunch of people on the street, you put a bunch of desperately addicted people in search of a fix.
at a crucial time when you're also shutting down society and shutting down these fundamental infrastructures, then leave the opioids on the street and more importantly, put deadly ones out there.
And now you're really sculpting with murder and lies because you're reducing life expectancy in America by the opioid crisis.
And at the same time, managing your old people with a simple trick, supplementary oxygen and ventilators, maybe even dexamethasone and back to the,
the old folks home like Robert Malone explained to Paul Cottrell in 2021.
And so this background signal can be misconstrued as something going endemic.
All they have to do is spectacularly commit themselves to that lie.
They can pretend that transfection worked if they rolled out a bunch of placebos and stuck to that lie.
and they will stick to the lie of the PCR forever.
That's how you can see it.
None of them will ever talk about it again.
These tests are rubbish.
It's junk.
Community mayors are spending thousands of dollars on this crap, trying to screen their employees and their nursing homes for something that's not going to turn positive for a week, even though you're infectious.
I said, dude, you need these capture antigen things, where you're not looking for antibodies, you're actually looking for the virus.
So they're expensive.
But the antibody is what's on the membrane, the antibody specific for the COVID virus.
So patient sample, mix it up, but the whole virus is coming through.
And if it latches one of them,
another antibody comes through and it turns color.
You get like the pregnancy test kit.
The first one of these I saw, we, 2021, we had to go to Rome to speak to the Italian Senate.
And I'm not vaccinated.
I don't have a card.
Neither did Dr. Malone.
He didn't have a card.
So, yeah, I know you can't come in, yeah.
So we're raising hell.
So they go in and take us to see the Senate doctor.
And he's got these little rapid flow can, he rips it open.
And I'm reading this thing, antigen test kit, not antibody, antigen, the protein.
It's testing for spike protein.
And it's accurate.
It's a lateral flow test.
just so you know.
And it's as accurate as the PCR test would have been if you ran it at a CT of like 30.
And so he went to Rome and the guy showed him a test that he'd never seen before and then claims that it's as accurate as a PCR test at a certain cycle count.
I mean, can you hear that it's all one enchantment?
Grover or Tickle Me Hatfill has just unbelievably recounted an experience which implants and fortifies, edifies the concept that there are tests out there, the tests work, the threshold or the cycle count that you choose determines the accuracy of the PCR test.
But lateral flow tests work different.
They test for the antigen, for the protein.
Whoa.
They're as accurate as the PCR test cycled out to 45, man.
That's crazy, right?
That's like a six-cylinder engine with a double turbo and twin headers and blah, blah, blah.
It's pretty remarkable.
That's that guy right there standing right in front of Nick Hudson.
who worked with Jessica Hockett and Jonathan Engler to waste my time for more than a year before he used Panda and a couple lame ass bench warming virologists named Mary and Jennifer.
I think Jennifer was from Hawaii and Mary the virologist actually did a stream with Kevin McCairn once, which is just, it's absurd.
And those two joined Panda not too long after my second presentation, then the third presentation, and then Nick Hudson lost all of those, never posted those on Rumble, he just posts all the other ones, you know, like Mark Giraudeau, he's so smart.
So we have all these people, and they've all been coordinated on the same script, and they've all been in places together so that even if there are some well-meaning people in here, you know, even if Brian Hooker's really just that dumb,
It's impossible that they're all just random.
They are on a script provided by Kevin McCarran and Robert Malone.
They are national security operators, part of a controlled demolition of America.
They might even just be Democratic DNC operatives that have used Robert F. Kennedy as a Trojan horse to get their shitheads in power, but it doesn't really make
complete sense that way.
It doesn't feel like the Democrats are doing this.
It really feels like it's a third party outside of Republicans or Democrats that are now kind of taking over the Republican movement, whatever Trump was, because of course Trump isn't going to be anything in three more years.
And so what is that gonna become?
And that's what this fight is for right now.
How do we take this amorphous mass of cats and try to keep it together and keep it moving in the way that we want it to move?
And so these people have all been briefed on that.
These people have all been more or less understood that the big top tent of health freedom is something you can never question.
And the big top tent of the pandemic is something you can never question.
The big top tent of autism is something you can never question.
Got to be really careful, you know, because we don't want to win.
If we win, then, you know, we have to get all day jobs again.
In condition that we will not call autism.
I don't like the word autism.
Um, he was vaccine damaged.
And so a guy with 16 years of experience in biotech, um, you know, transforming and transfecting plants to make medicines.
In 2013, did not call it autism.
He didn't like the word autism.
His son was vaccine damaged.
He was toxically damaged.
He was poisoned.
And then in 2022, he was building a big top tent for health freedom at the Freedom Crusade with Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and Mikovits and all them.
And so then he's in front of the Senate in 2024 saying autism and still building that big top tent of health freedom right after he fired me.
And so it's really Brian Hooker's spectacular commitment to these lies is all that's required.
Cause you can hear in 2013, he wasn't talking like this.
He would never have talked like this.
We will not call autism.
I don't like the word autism.
Um, he was vaccine damaged.
He was neurologically damaged condition condition that we will not call autism.
I don't like the word autism.
Um, he was vaccine damaged.
And so the only way to explain this is that this is a, an orchestrated script.
that's very carefully omitting all of the biological principles that would have freed us.
And if you look back in time, you can see that they've pulling this shit off for a really long time using symbology.
That's not good.
This is California jam for, for chiropractor either.
I think Brandy Vaughn has spoken at and Tony Barker has spoken out, but you can't find that on their websites.
Russell Brand was there in 2020.
He was there in a couple, three years.
Del Bigtree's been there multiple times.
She's been there multiple times.
He's been there multiple times.
Look at the, how can Zach Bush have been on the same stage as these people and they all not be on the same team?
How can they all be singing these separate songs on separate street corners, claiming that you have to donate to their nonprofit in order to save the world?
How is that even possible?
How does that make sense?
That it's been going on for so long.
The freedom crusade in 2021, this guy was already using his symbol.
on stage, the same stage as Sherry Tenpenny, as Robert Malone, I mean, as Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
So the idea that the NoVirus group is in opposition to CHD is just, it's just wrong.
It's not real at all.
CHD and the NoVirus people were working together to fool me.
Like they probably work together to fool everyone on the internet.
with their clever use of anonymous accounts and their clever promotion of parallel, similar ideas, but not really.
So that no matter where you find yourself, skeptical of CHD or not, you still find yourself trapped by the same show.
That's why they were on the same stage in 2021 and then separated to do no more damage, you know, like the Ghostbusters.
That's why these two jackasses were on stage together posing, you know, Venom Man, the guy that was on Red Pill stage about an hour before me.
The guy that's on all the, you know, all the conservative media telling everybody about all the poisons that these guys are making.
And this is the guy who didn't use the word autism, didn't like the word autism.
It's he was vaccine damaged.
He was neurologically damaged and it's,
It's a neurological condition that we will not call autism.
I don't like the word autism.
This is him smiling in 2022 after two years of murder in America, after two years of murder in America, after a year of a rollout of a shot, boy, it's, it's a real good time in America, ain't it?
Judy Mikovits.
Look at this Alex Zek child.
Here he is in his May 2021 podcast, I guess right after this.
Same year.
Now look at what he does.
Look, look at what he's done since 2021.
Just get my big head out of the way here.
So in January of 2024, you had Mark, Mark Bailey on.
And then in 2024, in March, he had Tom Cowan on with the New Biology Clinic.
Then in March of 2024, this guy was talking about water fasting, healing your mind, body, and spirit.
Then in 2024, in April, he had this Daniel guy on who was just recently featured with Sam Bailey on, what's her name?
Peggy Hall, the Healthy Americans podcast.
So it's all one show.
It's not just because they're all on each other's podcasts, it's because they were also on CHD five years ago.
It's all the same show.
This guy is the vitamin A dude, the toxic bile guy.
who's got a great following on Twitter and sticks right in his lane.
Just kind of jibber-jabs, but not really does anything dangerous.
That's exactly what they need.
This is Vanny Hari, isn't she?
Wasn't she in front of the Senate?
Wasn't she also in front of Congress?
Isn't this like the foodie food lady or some shit like that?
It was definitely somebody that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
brought forward.
And then Alex Zek says, how to think imperialism, rationalism, and mysticism.
Who the hell is this guy?
What has he done?
What life experience does he have?
Then Mr. Tom Cowan, rethinking DNA in November 24.
Meredith Miller, twice on my stream, recommended to me by Stephen Frost of the Medical Doctors for COVID Ethics International, one time even featured in a video that Robert Malone made.
I'm not saying that Meredith Miller knows that she's being used.
I'm saying that Meredith Miller has never supported me, has heard my story, I think, but not really because I've only interviewed her.
And she's got a very cool, neat, tidy story.
And maybe it's real.
Maybe it's true.
Alex Zek, reframing infectious disease paradigm in January, 2025, because he's just been reading so much.
He can tell you exactly how to redefine that.
And then in February of 2025, Kaylee and Alex Zek are parenting, relating and life balancing and more.
Ask us anything because they're just experts on it.
I wonder if it's the same philosophy that Doc Malek has for relationships.
Five miles a day running and something else a lot?
I can't remember.
Dr. Andy Kaufman exposing medical myths, psychedelic drugs, virology, diet, and more with the long hair.
And then finally, in May of 2025, we have Roman Bystranik.
This is the co-author.
of this absolutely, at this point, old, awful book.
It's a great book, but it's from 2013, and the authors of this book haven't made any progress beyond sharing the one graph in this book that shows that infectious disease went down with sanitation, not with vaccines.
It's the only thing they've ever done.
That's it.
That's our story.
Thank you very much.
Mic drop.
That's what they did here.
And then they just keep repeating it.
It's like the same comedy routine for the last 24 years or 14 years or whatever the hell it is.
It's appalling.
There's no excuse for that guy being on this show except that it's all one malevolent network of liars.
And even if they plan to eventually titrate us to the truth, that intramuscular injection of any of those other forms was just so stupid.
But this new one's good.
It will never be the truth.
And so what they have done is essentially they've conjured a new gold standard diagnostics and a new gold standard countermeasures toolkit without a scientific basis in reality.
You or rather your family and friends and most of the English speaking world, the Western world has come to accept PCR as a new gold standard diagnostic and has come to accept transfection as a pretty well-proven scientific tool.
that has all kinds of uses, curing cancer, curing genetic diseases, reprogramming cells, the whole nine yards, they can do it.
They can even create self-replicating RNA, apparently, and they can probably spray that.
So they've conjured a new gold standard of diagnostics, a new gold standard of toolkit, and they've also basically conjured a new level of danger.
in both the natural world and in the laboratory.
Without any basis in scientific reality, this all occurred because of an elaborate theater that was almost exclusively on the internet and almost exclusively on a couple platforms.
That's really the reality of it.
Why did that disappear like that?
Did I not time that right?
Oh yeah.
We're going to take a brief musical break and then we'll be right back.
I hope you enjoy it.
but you can tell if someone's lying.
I don't care.
I'm not gonna change.
Get your mic up, get your mic up, get your mic up.
Hey, ladies and gentlemen, they are all scripted bullshitters on Robert Malone's and Kevin McKernan's bullshit script.
It's been a long, strange trip getting here all by myself.
I am not here really by myself.
I'm actually also here with a guy by the name of Mark Kulak, a guy by the name of Joe Marshall.
The other day, I was already showing you that I think, without a doubt, Peggy Hall's long list of
of Koinkydinks makes it likely that she's all just part of this same show as well.
Also likely scripted very early.
Lots of connections with Judy Mikovits who of course you know if you don't know anything about what Mark Kulak is doing please go find out about his last few shows
And check out this stuff in Nevada because it's really crazy.
This birth rate implosion and this old Jeffrey Tucker thing.
He's a funny guy, but he's also one of these frauds that's been put in place.
Again, you heard that Jessica Rose is a Brownstone fellow working out of Austin, Texas.
What a joke.
Dr. Drew has got to be the most obvious fake on the internet.
Here's something that I find interesting that I'm just going to put out there right now.
Simply because this is 2025.
This was basically, I believe, Sunday morning right after the bombing in Iran.
I think this is one of the worst Americans alive.
I think that she's a total fraud.
I think she's a scripted fraud.
And I think that she's an absolute buffoon.
I don't think that she knows how awful the things that are happening are and how horribly played a lot of these people are and how horribly she is being played by a lot of these people.
I do not intend to play this video, but I do want you to see her face.
And I do want you to hear who she's talking to.
She's talking to an Israeli national and a Turkish national, which is kind of interesting because again, remember, in 2022, there was a cruise with Robert Malone and his wife and a bunch of these dissidents off the coast of Turkey.
Dr. Oz, who's the head of CMS in the U.S.
government under Robert F. Kennedy Jr., is actually a Turkish citizen who has served in the Turkish army.
And so now we're going to have a child who works as part of a fake news organization, a fake
What is this called, free press or some bullshit?
And the University of Austin, which is also just as fraudulent as Donald Trump's university, probably, in the sense of it's like a bunch of
pseudo-intellectuals who don't really know what it means to teach or be an academic or anything like that.
They're probably just using AI to write their courseware.
This is just a awful joke on America.
It's also an awful joke on Barry Weiss because these people will say that it's an honor to talk to her and that's just part of the enchantment.
And she is such, such a played puppet here.
It's kind of pathetic, but anyway.
Here we go.
New York City.
Haviv Retagor, what time is it there in Jerusalem?
345 in the morning.
And Mike Duran, where are you calling in from?
Where in Turkey?
Izmir.
And it's presumably 8.45 in Erzmir as well.
So somehow Mike Duran is- 3.45, yeah.
Yeah, well, Mike Duran apparently sleeps in a suit and tie.
Haviv is more normal.
But I am very, very, very grateful for all of you guys, for the two of you joining us in what is the middle of the night for this
absolutely historic event.
So about 45 minutes ago, the president of the United States, Donald Trump, posted this on Truth Social.
We have completed our very successful attack on the three nuclear sites in Iran.
So she's just going to read what Trump says on Truth Social and on X, again, making the enchantment known that social media is where messaging is done.
Social media is where the truth is given.
This enchantment must be broken, but it won't be broken by these people.
They're paid by them.
And now again, remember this is thrilling.
This is exciting.
This is a historic moment.
We've dropped eight or ten 30,000 pound steel bombs on a mountain in Iran.
including Fordow, Natanz, and Isfahan.
All planes are now outside of Iranian airspace.
A full payload of bombs was dropped on the primary site, Fordow.
All planes are safely on their way home.
Congratulations to our great American warriors.
There's not another military in the world that would have done this.
And this is all caps.
Now is the time for peace.
And then characteristic Trump, thank you for your attention to this matter.
So the US has entered the war and has bombed.
Is this funny?
I guess it is.
I mean, I guess.
I don't find it funny at all.
Even if they're completely lying about it, I don't find it funny.
The most important thing to understand here is that there's nothing to be learned from this podcast, okay?
I could substitute another video in here over the audio
And you would probably learn more from a different video laid over this audio.
The combination of the two might make you realize something that just this video alone will never make you realize.
Iran, certainly the most consequential decision that this American president has made in terms of foreign policy in this administration and probably in the second as well.
And I know it's middle of the night for you both, but I would first love to begin with your reactions to this moment.
And Mike, maybe let's start with you, because
Went live with you the night the war began last Thursday It feels like a very very long time ago and you admitted to you admitted to her No, it was a few days later But the point is you admitted as someone who has followed this story more closely than just about anyone to being shocked by Israel So I want to start tonight by asking you are you shocked by Trump?
Are you shocked by what just has gone down?
No, this time I didn't get fooled.
I saw it coming and I said that I did.
Because it really didn't make sense not to do this.
Because the Israelis had made clear that they had to destroy Fordo.
And you cannot destroy the Iranian nuclear program without destroying Fordo.
That's the underground bunker where they have the... Now, I would go so far as to say that I wonder, they tell stories.
I want you to hear the story that they told
three days before this happened on the Wall Street Journal because I have a lot of doubts about the physics of a 30,000 pound steel bomb being able to go 200 feet through solid stone.
I don't care how far you drop it from, that sounds fishy to me.
It might be true, but it sounds fishy to me.
Could it go 200 feet deep in topsoil?
Maybe, but in a granite mountain or in a mountain of any, you know,
whatever kinds of rock there are.
Now I'm thinking, I don't know, 200 feet's a long ways to go.
Think about a bullet being stopped by gelatin and how thick 200 feet of gelatin would be when the biggest, hold on one second, I gotta answer this call.
Okay, sorry about that.
So my point is here, shoot, I really did have to answer that, though.
My point is here that you can't learn anything from this.
This is a person who works under assumptions that are wrong, talking to two people who are there specifically to reinforce her wrong assumptions.
And then he's gonna she's gonna bring on other people that are there to reinforce reinforce her wrong assumptions.
And so it'd be very much the same as if, I don't know, somebody like Jessica Rose was hosting a podcast and then said, we have two guests today.
One is Robert Malone, and one of them is Peter McCullough.
It would be just as dumb.
You weren't going to get any information from that.
You're not going to get any information from this.
And these wrong assumptions, they go everywhere.
This is a GBU-57, known as a massive ordnance penetrator.
At 20 feet... Minus three days before they did this, the Wall Street Journal released this highly technical video designed to make sure you understood what a MOB was.
feet long and weighing 30,000 pounds, it is the world's largest non-nuclear bomb and can destroy targets buried deep underground, earning it the name Bunkerbuster.
To destroy Iran's heavily fortified nuclear facilities.
So if you say that a virus is a gain-of-function virus because X, Y, and Z, because you added a furin cleavage site,
and it can now go around the world like the most contagious virus ever, it doesn't make it true.
Just like if you call it a bunker buster bomb and you say in a cartoon that it can go 200 feet through reinforced concrete, it doesn't mean that's true.
Experts say these are the conventional weapons with the best chance of success.
This is a big sucker.
It is called the massive ordnance penetrator, which basically sums up what it is.
Here's why the MOP represents Israel's best chance at destroying Iran's facilities, and why it can't do it alone.
The MOP is the largest bunker-buster bomb in the US arsenal.
It's designed to penetrate hardened targets and plow through almost 200 feet of rock before detonating.
Due to the MOP's weight, it can only be carried by the biggest bombers, such as B-2s.
One bomb is unlikely.
In a sense, you're trying to create an earthquake.
You're trying to crack the mountain and to channel that seismic energy down to make whatever is under there, whatever facility is under there, shake around a lot.
The MOP is equipped with advanced guidance systems, including GPS, to allow for accurate targeting.
It is also fitted with a delayed fuse, which allows the bomb to explode after it has penetrated its target.
going to wait until it gets down in there before it blows up.
Because if you want to maximize the energy, every foot counts in order to get it deeper to burrow down and have the effect.
Since it launched its campaign against Iran's nuclear program, Israel has damaged critical nuclear infrastructure.
I think they can steer by those four fins in the back.
They steer kind of the way that Musk's rockets steer.
and killed scientists.
Iran has denied trying to build nuclear weapons and says its nuclear program is peaceful.
According to the International Atomic Energy Agency, Iran already has enough highly enriched uranium to make around 10 nuclear weapons.
Satellite images have shown damage at nuclear facilities, including Iran's largest enrichment facility, Natanz.
But one key location remains unscathed, the Fordow fuel enrichment plant, where Iran produces highly enriched uranium.
It's hidden in the mountains and is believed to be buried up to 295 feet below ground.
It's harder to hit, deliberately so, because the Iranians buried it under a mountain.
Look, the U.S.
put NORAD under Cheyenne Mountain.
It's way down under a lot of granite and a lot of rock.
And you want to raise the threshold for adversaries to hit something.
Sometimes it's just really useful to bury it.
While Israel has bunker busters, none of the ones in its arsenal are powerful enough to penetrate deep enough to hit Fordow.
This is why the Israelis probably need U.S.
assistance.
The Israelis have a lot of bombs, but they need things that can kind of crack the mountain and create a wedge to create the tremors and to create the vibrations that will be helpful to destroy the facility.
In addition to lacking the weapons to destroy Fordow, Israel also lacks the heavy bombers.
Its ally, the U.S., has both.
Fundamentally, there's a choice here to be made about whether it is in U.S.
national interest to take out Fordow, to take out the Iranian nuclear program once and for all.
So I'm going to take out the Iranian war program once and for all with these big bombs that go like 200 feet into the ground.
But I don't really know.
I don't really know that that's possible.
Let me see.
Did I put that in here?
I just want to go quick to YouTube.
I still have time.
So I want to show you this one more video that I think I can find on my
in my history because i just started watching it no is that the wrong ah shoot um let me see gotcha
Four days ago, here we go.
The Bunker Busters are gonna have a very low rate of success, no question about it.
This is a simulation of what's claimed to be the Bunker Buster bomb, the GBU-57, which is alleged to be able to go up to 200 feet into the ground, even through reinforced concrete, before it will then explode.
What you're seeing is a simulation of what's claimed is that because of the surface of the missile itself, it will be able to burrow
deep down inside there and then get into like it's, you know, showing here some kind of underground facility and then will explode.
That's the claim.
Now, tell us the reality.
Well, if why don't we go to my slides for the moment and go to start with slide 1616, Gary.
Thank you, Jen.
This is a photograph of one of these bunker busters.
They weigh about 30 pounds.
most of their weight is steel.
In fact, I think it's about 5,000 or 6,000 pounds of explosives in this 30,000 pound munition.
And you need a lot of steel because you want it to have a lot of weight.
And you also need to protect the explosives inside it so that they don't get predetonated before the munition penetrates deep enough into the ground.
If we go to slide 18, we'll see a diagram
of how this munition is allegedly supposed to work.
I say allegedly.
This is another example of contractors making claims that, or people who are working for contractors or people who do not understand the details who are advising higher level
political decision makers.
This is a real problem I've talked about in the past.
You have people who don't know what they're talking about, bringing the information up to people who are political decision makers, who may or may not care about the details.
And the result is you get a big disconnect in what they think they're capable of doing.
I think it's a mistake to say it that way, to assume that these people don't know what they're talking about.
They know exactly what they're talking about is bullshit.
They know exactly that what they're talking about is bullshit.
It's not like they're just dumb.
It's not like they're just reading a script.
They know that the script is bullshit because they've never learned beyond it.
They're not required to.
They're encouraged not to.
To what is actually the case, and it may be that Trump
the 3 p.m.
we're going to see some of these munitions dropped on Iran.
I don't know if that's true.
I'm just guessing.
It's a wild guess.
Yeah, that's kind of the implication from what I was told.
This might be our entry into this war.
That's what really worries me.
And you know what it's funny?
that we have seen Trump in the last 24 hours dismiss the concerns that what Iran might do to us, because he says, no, we're protected, which implies to me just what you just said, that someone's telling him, oh yeah, we got all kinds of good air defense.
And by the way, these bunker busters definitely can go 200 feet.
But one other thing from this diagram you're talking about here, this also implies that Iran built these bunkers
that they didn't do any creativity, i.e.
it's just straight down, so it's a not... One million views already after four days, this MIT professor saying that this is a myth.
You see what I'm talking about here?
We are being set up.
The Trump administration is a theater.
RFK is a theater.
This whole shit is a theater.
We are exactly on script right now.
None of this is out of control.
None of this is not understood.
Nobody's making any guesses here.
They're reading the script they're given.
Now, I don't know about these two guys in particular, but I assure you the general gist of this is a theater.
That's the reason why we have a former Fox News host at the Department of Defense.
It's a joke on our grandkids.
little shaft that you can drop it into as opposed to being offset or maybe multiple angles before where it is we don't even know for sure under the ground where this thing may end up being so correct me if i'm wrong but you're kind of shooting blind anyway you've preempted me and that's good sorry you and no you and gary do it all the time it's great uh uh in this diagram what you see is a depiction of a of a penetrating warhead that goes uh
I mean how different is this than the then the multi-layered multi-story caves that Al-Qaeda was supposed to have in the mountains of Afghanistan that had like tanks and missiles inside of them and Internet and a bar and sometimes they even had a full-court basketball hoop that was on the floor right below the hangar Like come on Don't you remember that they went on frickin?
free the meet the press
and showed diagrams of the bunkers and the caves that Al-Qaeda had built.
This is no different.
No different than showing a elaborate computer-generated model of virus infection and of transfection of antigen-presenting cells and the production of antibodies and they're blocking the spike protein.
I mean, this is all the same level of bullshit.
This one just has even less animation.
Into the ground around 60 meters and, uh, and then detonates at its maximum depth.
I mean, we're not even talking about having an, a two meter sized exhaust port directly above the tunnel that you want to bomb.
You know, like in a death star situation where you'd be like, you know, bulls eyeing wamp rats.
In this case, they just have best guesses about based on where the roads are or the tunnels are, or their best guess of where these things went, or maybe I guess they might've sent somebody with a seismograph over there or a ground lidar at some point.
I mean, what in the world are we believing here other than we can hit three places relatively close to each other with one of these, three of these bombs, and then three of them over here close to each other,
implying some kind of directed accuracy, and that's about it.
Our best guess of where to bomb them, and hope that the shakeup is, hope we shake these places a lot, you know, where these centrifuges are, because they don't like shaking.
Now, the detonation of the 6,000 pounds of explosives can create a cavity of probably around 10 or 15 meters in radius.
So maybe 20 or 30 meters in diameter now.
If there's a tunnel below it that's another 20 meters below it.
it could probably punch through the top of the tunnel too.
But the tunnel's gotta be within 10 or 20 meters of the location of the explosion.
In other words, what if a tunnel is offset by... So why are we doing this with meters when it's 200 feet in the diagram?
Should we just help him with that here?
It's 60, 61 meters.
Okay.
So it's got to go down and get within 10 meters of the tunnel before it's going to probably do any damage to it at all.
And remember the rock has got to go somewhere.
So the rock can only go down into the tunnel or it can go up and out the original hole.
Provided how good, how deep it goes up to 200 feet.
I mean, come on that up to 200 feet can also mean five feet deep.
Oops, 30 meters.
We don't know where that tunnel is.
We have no idea where the tunnel is.
And so unless there's a big cave under there where it might penetrate to or the tunnel or the big cave is very shallow, then you might actually have a situation where, you know, you could do quite a bit of damage.
But, you know, there's not necessarily any reason to believe that the Iranians would design something this way.
So, I mean, look, this release simulation, really?
Are we really going to fall for this shit?
Now, just to, in the case of the Fordow nuclear facility, let's just take a quick look at slide 19.
I know Gary loves this stuff too.
He does.
I do too.
Notice that this really feels more and more like controlled opposition.
I mean, a million point four views, an MIT professor,
you know, kind of curating a limited spectrum of debate about what's possible with ordinances, but then kind of explaining it in a kind of, I don't know, sort of way.
I don't know.
I'm not feeling it.
The structures that are underground are under... Oh, it's got big-time Tom Cruise vibes, though.
Big time.
In other words, the surface of the ground is not flat and perfectly perpendicular to something that's coming on a perpendicular trajectory.
That's relevant.
You see what we're dealing with here, ladies and gentlemen?
What we're dealing with here is a real big deal.
Because an anticipated rise in all-cause mortality was sculpted using murder and lies.
And they are still running the clock out on this awful, murderous operation.
that has almost completely been obfuscated by the Grace Shara trial, another thing that took too long to get nowhere, and then now those people are the ones we're supposed to listen to?
A lawyer who lost his case, now we're supposed to listen to that jackass?
A guy who didn't say anything about supplementary oxygen and the decades of research about it in critical care textbooks?
animal research showing that pure oxygen ain't no good thing.
It ain't medicine.
It's a toxin, a drug.
Ladies and gentlemen, it was a national security operation from day one.
PCR has become accepted as a diagnostic standard, and that means that there are remnants that are there, that are the DNA, just like the NHS has said they're gonna do.
The Scooby-Doo mystery about the virus, that was an enchantment, and we cannot pass that on to our children.
We can't pass on a mythology about how we can sequence viruses in the background, that there's a test that can test for 17 different viruses.
We cannot accept the fact that intramuscular injection is more or less okay.
It just matters what you put in sorta, kinda.
We can't accept this illusion that RNA has military potential and it's just out there in a bat cave waiting to be found.
understand that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
is a total distraction and everybody that he's put in place or allowed to be put in place is the actual problem.
Many of these people don't even have an American passport and certainly it's not their only passport.
Solving America's health problem is not on the agenda.
Turning American citizens and their children into experimental animals is most certainly on the agenda.
That's why Donald Trump was very happy to start spending money on developing an AI data center in Nevada and in Texas and wherever the hell else they're gonna build one outside of the new NSA headquarters, I don't know.
And he was so focused on that, I guess he couldn't submit a budget after having four years to prepare one.
Stop lying!
It's a show, ladies and gentlemen.
America is being controlled, demolished.
They timed their show perfectly with a known biological signal in the population pyramid, an anticipated rise in all-cause mortality that they've seen coming since the 90s.
and they've been putting people in place since the late 2010s to make sure that the narrative on the internet could be controlled in a military way.
Those people are the performers that are best and most aptly described by this video.
The anticipated rise in all-cause mortality that was about to come into the station was going to be stopped and controlled by these people.
And so they did it.
They got together and wrote books about ivermectin and talked about the censorship and the free speech and the lockdowns are lame and signed the Barrington Declaration.
Here's a door to freedom and we are here to rescue the Republic with rock music.
All of these people, hundreds of them on the internet faking stopping something, faking fighting something, faking being censored for something, when in reality it was an anticipated rise in all cause mortality.
The train was coming.
They all knew the train was coming.
They all knew that the guy's brakes worked.
And then they told you that it didn't, because it's a new one.
We've never seen this train before.
The train has no brakes.
You need to help us stop it.
And they performed this over and over again for five years, and they're still doing it now.
And you can probably think of the Israeli thing like that.
You can think of Ukraine like that.
You can think of Libya like that.
You can think of Iraq like that.
You can think of a lot of this stuff just like this.
Ladies and gentlemen, RNA cannot pandemic.
Intramuscular injection is not medicine.
Transfecting healthy people is a crime and population pyramids is a problem.
They have been managing.
Thank you very much for being here, ladies and gentlemen.
We're about to take on Bad Biology 101 in a pretty good way.
I'm really excited about it.
I threw my back out yesterday on the frickin' basketball court, though, so I'm... I'm... I'm... That sounds slow to me.
It went out a little bit so it's not terrible like I can stand up right now I can sit down on the big stool right now But I can feel it in my spine and so I got to take it easy for the next probably week To make sure I get all the way back to 100% normal It's gonna set me back just a little bit but not that much
because I'm so close.
I'm really, really excited.
Don't talk to me about old age, baby.
There's no age limit for dunking.
You can call them peasants or poor people or... Maha is a joke on America, ladies and gentlemen.
Don't forget it.
This has been GigaOM Biological High Resistance Low Noise Information Brief brought to you by a biologist.
See you tomorrow morning.